Update WAN Rest API with target scope information [HZ-4594] (#1058)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/wan/pages/rest-api.adoc

The other stages are `STARTED`, `IN_PROGRESS` and `FAILED`.

> IMPORTANT: As WAN synchronization is an operation that occurs across the cluster, this response will represent the WAN sync progress for the entire cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: As WAN synchronization is an operation that occurs across the cluster, this response represents the WAN sync progress for the entire cluster.
```

```

The `wanConfig` parameter should be the full configuration as a JSON string.
See xref:advanced-features.adoc#dynamically-adding-wan-publishers[here] for configuration examples.

> IMPORTANT: This endpoint will deploy the provided config across all members of the cluster, following the same principles as other dynamic configuration mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: This endpoint deploys the provided config across all members of the cluster, following the same principles as other dynamic configuration mechanisms.
```
